README.md, before:

terminfo-parser
===============

This is a [Lua] parser for the [terminfo] source format used by
[ncurses]. It's intended to allow querying and transforming the
[database] via scripting, in a manner that's more flexible and
performant than using the command-line tools (i.e. [`infocmp`],
[`tput`], etc.).

**Note**: This library is not intended to replace the terminfo or curses
C APIs. Many control sequences in the database *must* be passed through
[`tparm(3)`] and/or [`tputs(3)`] before being sent to a terminal. Use
Lua bindings for the C APIs if you need a terminal control library.

Requirements
------------

* [Lua] ⩾ 5.1
* [LPeg] ⩾ 1.0

License
-------

Copyright © 2018-2024 Craig Barnes.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU [General Public License version 3], as published
by the Free Software Foundation.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General
Public License version 3 for more details.


[Lua]: https://www.lua.org/
[LPeg]: https://www.inf.puc-rio.br/~roberto/lpeg/lpeg.html
[terminfo]: https://invisible-island.net/ncurses/man/terminfo.5.html
[database]: https://invisible-island.net/ncurses/#download_database
[ncurses]: https://invisible-island.net/ncurses/
[`tput`]: https://invisible-island.net/ncurses/man/tput.1.html
[`infocmp`]: https://invisible-island.net/ncurses/man/infocmp.1m.html
[`tparm(3)`]: https://invisible-island.net/ncurses/man/curs_terminfo.3x.html#h3-Formatting-Output
[`tputs(3)`]: https://invisible-island.net/ncurses/man/curs_terminfo.3x.html#h3-Output-Functions
[General Public License version 3]: https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.txt

Commit message:

Add "usage" section to `README.md`

README.md, after:

terminfo-parser
===============

This is a [Lua] parser for the [terminfo] source format used by
[ncurses]. It's intended to allow querying and transforming the
[database] via scripting, in a manner that's more flexible and
performant than using the command-line tools (i.e. [`infocmp`],
[`tput`], etc.).

**Note**: This library is not intended to replace the terminfo or curses
C APIs. Many control sequences in the database *must* be passed through
[`tparm(3)`] and/or [`tputs(3)`] before being sent to a terminal. Use
Lua bindings for the C APIs if you need a terminal control library.

Usage
-----

See the scripts in the [`examples/`] directory for a demonstration of
how to use the library and the kinds of queries that can be performed.
For quick reference, the output for most of these scripts can also be
found under [`examples/output/`].

Since the intended use case of the library is running ad-hoc queries on
[`terminfo.src`], there are no official packages or versioned releases.

Requirements
------------

* [Lua] ⩾ 5.1
* [LPeg] ⩾ 1.0

License
-------

Copyright © 2018-2024 Craig Barnes.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU [General Public License version 3], as published
by the Free Software Foundation.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General
Public License version 3 for more details.


[Lua]: https://www.lua.org/
[LPeg]: https://www.inf.puc-rio.br/~roberto/lpeg/lpeg.html
[terminfo]: https://invisible-island.net/ncurses/man/terminfo.5.html
[database]: https://invisible-island.net/ncurses/#download_database
[ncurses]: https://invisible-island.net/ncurses/
[`tput`]: https://invisible-island.net/ncurses/man/tput.1.html
[`infocmp`]: https://invisible-island.net/ncurses/man/infocmp.1m.html
[`tparm(3)`]: https://invisible-island.net/ncurses/man/curs_terminfo.3x.html#h3-Formatting-Output
[`tputs(3)`]: https://invisible-island.net/ncurses/man/curs_terminfo.3x.html#h3-Output-Functions
[`examples/`]: https://gitlab.com/craigbarnes/lua-terminfo-parser/-/tree/master/examples
[`examples/output/`]: https://gitlab.com/craigbarnes/lua-terminfo-parser/-/tree/master/examples/output
[`terminfo.src`]: https://gitlab.com/craigbarnes/lua-terminfo-parser/-/blob/master/terminfo.src
[General Public License version 3]: https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.txt
