     ansi-mr  xon=true
   ansi-mini  xon=true
  ansi-mtabs  xon=true
ansi-generic  xon=true
ansi.sys-old  xon=true
    ansi.sys  xon=true
   ansi.sysk  xon=true
   nansi.sys  xon=true
  nansi.sysk  xon=true
       tw100  xon=true
     uniterm  xon=true
      beterm  xon=true
 linux-basic  xon=true
     linux-m  xon=true
  linux-c-nc  xon=true
     linux-c  xon=true
    linux2.2  xon=true
    linux2.6  xon=true
    linux3.0  xon=true
       linux  xon=true
 linux2.6.26  xon=true
   linux-nic  xon=true
  linux-koi8  xon=true
 linux-koi8r  xon=true
   linux-lat  xon=true
    linux-vt  xon=true
         kon  xon=true
     jfbterm  xon=true
      fbterm  xon=true
linux-16color  xon=true
        hurd  xon=true
     qansi-g  xon=true
       qansi  xon=true
     qansi-t  xon=true
     qansi-m  xon=true
     qansi-w  xon=true
 scoansi-old  xon=true
 scoansi-new  xon=true
     scoansi  xon=true
  pccon+base  xon=true nxon=true npc=true
    pccon0-m  xon=true nxon=true npc=true
      pccon0  xon=true nxon=true npc=true
     pccon-m  xon=true nxon=true npc=true
       pccon  xon=true nxon=true npc=true
      arm100  xon=true
    arm100-w  xon=true
        x68k  xon=true
      wsvt25  xon=true
     wsvt25m  xon=true
     netbsd6  xon=true
     origpc3  xon=true
    bsdos-pc  xon=true
bsdos-pc-nobold  xon=true
  bsdos-pc-m  xon=true
         pc3  xon=true
      ibmpc3  xon=true
   bsdos-ppc  xon=true
       vt100  xon=true
    vt100nam  xon=true
    vt100-vb  xon=true
     vt100-w  xon=true
 vt100-w-nam  xon=true
   vt100-nav  xon=true
 vt100-nav-w  xon=true
     vt100-s  xon=true
 vt100-s-bot  xon=true
       vt102  xon=true
     vt102-w  xon=true
  vt102-nsgr  xon=true
       vt125  xon=true
       vt132  xon=true
   vt220-old  xon=true
  vt220-base  xon=true
       vt220  xon=true
     vt220-w  xon=true
  vt220-8bit  xon=true
      vt220d  xon=true
   vt220-nam  xon=true
    vt320nam  xon=true
       vt340  xon=true
       vt400  xon=true
       vt420  xon=true
     vt420pc  xon=true
  vt420pcdos  xon=true
      vt420f  xon=true
       vt510  xon=true
     vt510pc  xon=true
  vt510pcdos  xon=true
       vt520  xon=true
       vt525  xon=true
   vt520ansi  xon=true
   dec-vt100  xon=true
   dec-vt220  xon=true
    nsterm+7  xon=true
  nsterm+acs  xon=true
  nsterm+mac  xon=true
  nsterm-m-7  xon=true
nsterm-m-s-7  xon=true
    nsterm-7  xon=true
  nsterm-7-c  xon=true
  nsterm-s-7  xon=true
nsterm-c-s-7  xon=true
nsterm-m-acs  xon=true
nsterm-m-s-acs  xon=true
  nsterm-acs  xon=true
nsterm-c-acs  xon=true
nsterm-s-acs  xon=true
nsterm-c-s-acs  xon=true
    nsterm-m  xon=true
  nsterm-m-s  xon=true
  nsterm-old  xon=true
    nsterm-c  xon=true
    nsterm-s  xon=true
  nsterm-c-s  xon=true
nsterm-16color  xon=true npc=true
  nsterm-bce  xon=true npc=true
nsterm-build309  xon=true npc=true
nsterm-build326  xon=true npc=true
nsterm-build343  xon=true npc=true
nsterm-build361  xon=true npc=true
nsterm-build400  xon=true npc=true
nsterm-build440  xon=true npc=true
      nsterm  xon=true npc=true
   iTerm.app  xon=true npc=true
  iTerm2.app  xon=true npc=true
         crt  xon=true
       putty  xon=true
 vt100-putty  xon=true
putty-256color  xon=true
 putty-noapp  xon=true
 putty-vt100  xon=true
   putty-sco  xon=true
 teraterm2.3  xon=true
teraterm4.59  xon=true
teraterm4.97  xon=true
teraterm-256color  xon=true
    teraterm  xon=true
    ms-vt100  xon=true
ms-vt100-color  xon=true
   ms-vt100+  xon=true
  ms-vt-utf8  xon=true
ms-vt100-16color  xon=true
     x10term  xon=true
iterm2-direct  xon=true npc=true
nsterm-direct  xon=true npc=true
  rxvt-basic  xon=true
        rxvt  xon=true
rxvt-256color  xon=true
rxvt-88color  xon=true
    rxvt-xpm  xon=true
 rxvt-cygwin  xon=true
rxvt-cygwin-native  xon=true
rxvt-16color  xon=true
       mrxvt  xon=true
mrxvt-256color  xon=true
       Eterm  xon=true
Eterm-256color  xon=true
Eterm-88color  xon=true
       aterm  xon=true
      hpterm  xon=true pb=9600
hpterm-color  xon=true pb=9600
         emu  xon=true
     emu-220  xon=true
      mvterm  xon=true
     vwmterm  xon=true npc=true
         mgr  xon=true
     mgr-sun  xon=true
   mgr-linux  xon=true
  terminator  xon=true
terminology-0.6.1  xon=true
terminology-1.0.0  xon=true
screen.putty-256color  xon=true
screen.Eterm  xon=true
screen.mrxvt  xon=true
screen.putty  xon=true
screen-bce.Eterm  xon=true
screen-bce.mrxvt  xon=true
      pccons  xon=true
      nwp517  xon=true
    nwp517-w  xon=true
      dtterm  xon=true
    emx-base  xon=true
    ansi-emx  xon=true
ansi-color-2-emx  xon=true
ansi-color-3-emx  xon=true
   cygwinB19  xon=true
      cygwin  xon=true
   cygwinDBG  xon=true
       djgpp  xon=true
        uwin  xon=true
      altos4  xon=true
   hp2621-ba  xon=true pb=19200
      hp2621  xon=true pb=19200
   hp2621-fl  xon=true pb=19200
     hp2621p  xon=true pb=19200
   hp2621p-a  xon=true pb=19200
  hp2621-k45  xon=true pb=19200
   hp2621-48  xon=true pb=19200
   hp2621-nl  xon=true pb=19200
   hp2621-nt  xon=true pb=19200
      hp2624  xon=true pb=4800
      hp2626  xon=true pb=19200
    hp2626-s  xon=true pb=19200
   hp2626-ns  xon=true pb=19200
   hp2626-12  xon=true pb=19200
hp2626-12x40  xon=true pb=19200
  hp2626-x40  xon=true pb=19200
 hp2626-12-s  xon=true pb=19200
 hp2627a-rev  xon=true pb=19200
     hp2627a  xon=true pb=19200
     hp2627c  xon=true pb=19200
       hp150  xon=true pb=19200
     hp2382a  xon=true pb=4800
    hp2621-a  xon=true pb=19200
       newhp  xon=true pb=4800
       memhp  xon=true pb=4800
       scrhp  xon=true pb=4800
     hp2621b  xon=true pb=19200
   hp2621b-p  xon=true pb=19200
  hp2621b-kx  xon=true pb=19200
hp2621b-kx-p  xon=true pb=19200
      hp2622  xon=true pb=19200
      hp2623  xon=true pb=19200
   hp2624b-p  xon=true pb=4800
  hp2624-10p  xon=true pb=4800
hp2624b-10p-p  xon=true pb=4800
     hp2397a  xon=true pb=4800
      hpansi  xon=true
      hp2392  xon=true
       hpsub  xon=true
        hpex  xon=true
      qvt103  xon=true
    qvt103-w  xon=true
      qvt203  xon=true
    qvt203-w  xon=true
   qvt203-25  xon=true
 qvt203-25-w  xon=true
      tvi803  xon=true
      tvi924  xon=true
      tvi950  xon=true
   tvi950-2p  xon=true
   tvi950-4p  xon=true
   tvi950-rv  xon=true
tvi950-rv-2p  xon=true
tvi950-rv-4p  xon=true
      tvi955  xon=true
    tvi955-w  xon=true
   tvi955-hb  xon=true
     tvi9065  xon=true
        wy30  xon=true
     wy30-mc  xon=true
     wy30-vb  xon=true
        wy50  xon=true
     wy50-mc  xon=true
     wy50-vb  xon=true
      wy50-w  xon=true
    wy50-wvb  xon=true
       wy350  xon=true
    wy350-vb  xon=true
     wy350-w  xon=true
   wy350-wvb  xon=true
       wy120  xon=true pb=9601
     wy120-w  xon=true pb=9601
    wy120-25  xon=true pb=9601
  wy120-25-w  xon=true pb=9601
    wy120-vb  xon=true pb=9601
  wy120-w-vb  xon=true pb=9601
       wy99f  xon=true
      wy99fa  xon=true
        wy75  xon=true pb=1201
     wy75-mc  xon=true pb=1201
     wy75-vb  xon=true
      wy75-w  xon=true pb=1201
    wy75-wvb  xon=true
        wy85  xon=true
     wy85-vb  xon=true
      wy85-w  xon=true
    wy85-wvb  xon=true
   wy85-8bit  xon=true
       wy185  xon=true
    wy185-24  xon=true
    wy185-vb  xon=true
     wy185-w  xon=true
   wy185-wvb  xon=true
    wy370-nk  xon=true
       wy370  xon=true
  wy370-105k  xon=true
   wy370-EPC  xon=true
    wy370-vb  xon=true
     wy370-w  xon=true
   wy370-wvb  xon=true
    wy370-rv  xon=true
       wy520  xon=true
    wy520-24  xon=true
    wy520-vb  xon=true
     wy520-w  xon=true
   wy520-wvb  xon=true
   wy520-epc  xon=true
wy520-epc-24  xon=true
wy520-epc-vb  xon=true
 wy520-epc-w  xon=true
wy520-epc-wvb  xon=true
    wy520-36  xon=true
    wy520-48  xon=true
   wy520-36w  xon=true
   wy520-48w  xon=true
  wy520-36pc  xon=true
  wy520-48pc  xon=true
 wy520-36wpc  xon=true
 wy520-48wpc  xon=true
      wy75ap  xon=true pb=1201
  vt320-k311  xon=true
     att2300  xon=true
     att2350  xon=true
   att5410v1  xon=true
 att4410v1-w  xon=true
     att4410  xon=true
   att5410-w  xon=true
       v5410  xon=true
     att4415  xon=true
   att4415-w  xon=true
  att4415-rv  xon=true
att4415-w-rv  xon=true
  att4415-nl  xon=true
att4415-rv-nl  xon=true
att4415-w-nl  xon=true
att4415-w-rv-n  xon=true
   att5420_2  xon=true
 att5420_2-w  xon=true
     att4418  xon=true
   att4418-w  xon=true
     att4420  xon=true
     att4424  xon=true
   att4424-1  xon=true
     att5425  xon=true
  att5425-nl  xon=true
   att5425-w  xon=true
     att4426  xon=true
     att510a  xon=true
     att510d  xon=true
      att500  xon=true
   att5620-1  xon=true
     att5620  xon=true npc=true
  att5620-24  xon=true npc=true
  att5620-34  xon=true npc=true
      att605  xon=true
   att605-pc  xon=true
    att605-w  xon=true
      att610  xon=true
    att610-w  xon=true
 att610-103k  xon=true
att610-103k-w  xon=true
      att615  xon=true
    att615-w  xon=true
 att615-103k  xon=true
att615-103k-w  xon=true
      att620  xon=true
    att620-w  xon=true
 att620-103k  xon=true
att620-103k-w  xon=true
      att630  xon=true npc=true
   att630-24  xon=true npc=true
      att700  xon=true
      att730  xon=true npc=true
   att730-41  xon=true npc=true
   att730-24  xon=true npc=true
     att730r  xon=true npc=true
  att730r-41  xon=true npc=true
  att730r-24  xon=true npc=true
      att505  xon=true
   att505-24  xon=true
   att505-22  xon=true
     aaa+unk  xon=true
      aaa-18  xon=true
   aaa-18-rv  xon=true
      aaa-20  xon=true
      aaa-22  xon=true
      aaa-24  xon=true
   aaa-24-rv  xon=true
      aaa-26  xon=true
      aaa-28  xon=true
    aaa-30-s  xon=true
 aaa-30-s-rv  xon=true
  aaa-s-ctxt  xon=true
aaa-s-rv-ctxt  xon=true
         aaa  xon=true
   aaa-30-rv  xon=true
 aaa-30-ctxt  xon=true
aaa-30-rv-ctxt  xon=true
      aaa-36  xon=true
   aaa-36-rv  xon=true
      aaa-40  xon=true
   aaa-40-rv  xon=true
      aaa-48  xon=true
   aaa-48-rv  xon=true
    aaa-60-s  xon=true
 aaa-60-s-rv  xon=true
aaa-60-dec-rv  xon=true
      aaa-60  xon=true
   aaa-60-rv  xon=true
      aaa-db  xon=true
        guru  xon=true
     guru-rv  xon=true
  guru-nctxt  xon=true
      guru-s  xon=true
     guru-24  xon=true
     guru-44  xon=true
   guru-44-s  xon=true
     guru-76  xon=true
   guru-76-s  xon=true
  guru-76-lp  xon=true
   guru-76-w  xon=true
 guru-76-w-s  xon=true
  guru-76-wm  xon=true
  cit101e-rv  xon=true
      cit500  xon=true
  cdc721-esc  xon=true
        c108  xon=true
     c108-4p  xon=true
     c108-rv  xon=true
  c108-rv-4p  xon=true
      c108-w  xon=true
      hds200  xon=true
      avt-ns  xon=true
   avt-rv-ns  xon=true
    avt-w-ns  xon=true
 avt-w-rv-ns  xon=true
         avt  xon=true
      avt-rv  xon=true
       avt-w  xon=true
    avt-w-rv  xon=true
   contel300  xon=true
   contel301  xon=true
  dg-generic  xon=true
        d210  xon=true
     d210-dg  xon=true
        d211  xon=true
     d211-7b  xon=true
     d211-dg  xon=true
     d216-dg  xon=true
   d216-unix  xon=true
d216-unix-25  xon=true
   d217-unix  xon=true
d217-unix-25  xon=true
        d220  xon=true
     d220-7b  xon=true
     d220-dg  xon=true
       d230c  xon=true
    d230c-dg  xon=true
        d400  xon=true
        d410  xon=true
     d410-7b  xon=true
     d410-dg  xon=true
      d410-w  xon=true
   d410-7b-w  xon=true
     d412-dg  xon=true
   d412-unix  xon=true
 d412-unix-w  xon=true
d412-unix-25  xon=true
 d412-unix-s  xon=true
d412-unix-sr  xon=true
   d413-unix  xon=true
 d413-unix-w  xon=true
d413-unix-25  xon=true
 d413-unix-s  xon=true
d413-unix-sr  xon=true
   d414-unix  xon=true
 d414-unix-w  xon=true
d414-unix-25  xon=true
 d414-unix-s  xon=true
d414-unix-sr  xon=true
    d430c-dg  xon=true
d430c-dg-ccc  xon=true
  d430c-unix  xon=true
d430c-unix-w  xon=true
d430c-unix-25  xon=true
d430c-unix-s  xon=true
d430c-unix-sr  xon=true
d430c-unix-ccc  xon=true
d430c-unix-w-ccc  xon=true
d430c-unix-25-ccc  xon=true
d430c-unix-s-ccc  xon=true
d430c-unix-sr-ccc  xon=true
       d470c  xon=true
    d470c-7b  xon=true
    d470c-dg  xon=true
        d555  xon=true
     d555-7b  xon=true
      d555-w  xon=true
   d555-7b-w  xon=true
     d555-dg  xon=true
        d577  xon=true
     d577-7b  xon=true
      d577-w  xon=true
   d577-7b-w  xon=true
     d577-dg  xon=true
        d578  xon=true
     d578-7b  xon=true
       ts100  xon=true
  ts100-ctxt  xon=true
        f100  xon=true
     f100-rv  xon=true
        f110  xon=true
     f110-14  xon=true
      f110-w  xon=true
    f110-14w  xon=true
        f200  xon=true
      f200-w  xon=true
      f200vi  xon=true
    f200vi-w  xon=true
     ibm3101  xon=true
     ibm3151  xon=true
     ibm3161  xon=true
   ibm3161-C  xon=true
     ibm3162  xon=true
     ibm3164  xon=true
     ibm5151  xon=true
     ibmmono  xon=true
      ibmega  xon=true
     ibm5154  xon=true
    ibmega-c  xon=true
    ibmvga-c  xon=true
      ibmvga  xon=true
        rtpc  xon=true
     ibm6155  xon=true
    ibmapa8c  xon=true
  ibmapa8c-c  xon=true
     ibm6154  xon=true
     ibm6153  xon=true
  ibm6153-90  xon=true
  ibm6153-40  xon=true
     ibm8512  xon=true
       hft-c  xon=true
   hft-c-old  xon=true
     hft-old  xon=true
         lft  xon=true
     ibm5081  xon=true
   ibm5081-c  xon=true
     ibm8503  xon=true
     ibm8514  xon=true
   ibm8514-c  xon=true
     aixterm  xon=true
   aixterm-m  xon=true
aixterm-m-old  xon=true
    jaixterm  xon=true
  jaixterm-m  xon=true
aixterm-16color  xon=true
      prism9  xon=true
    prism9-w  xon=true
     prism12  xon=true
   prism12-w  xon=true
     prism14  xon=true
   prism14-w  xon=true
   mt4520-rv  xon=true
 ncr260intan  xon=true
ncr260intwan  xon=true
 ncr260intpp  xon=true
ncr260intwpp  xon=true
  ncr260vppp  xon=true
 ncr260vpwpp  xon=true
ncr260vt100an  xon=true
ncr260vt100wan  xon=true
ncr260vt100pp  xon=true
ncr260vt100wpp  xon=true
ncr260vt200an  xon=true
ncr260vt200wan  xon=true
ncr260vt200pp  xon=true
ncr260vt200wpp  xon=true
ncr260vt300an  xon=true
ncr260vt300wan  xon=true
ncr260vt300pp  xon=true
ncr260vt300wpp  xon=true
ncr260wy325pp  xon=true
ncr260wy325wpp  xon=true
ncr260wy350pp  xon=true
ncr260wy350wpp  xon=true
ncr260wy50+pp  xon=true
ncr260wy50+wpp  xon=true
ncr260wy60pp  xon=true
ncr260wy60wpp  xon=true
  ncr160vppp  xon=true
 ncr160vpwpp  xon=true
ncr160vt100an  xon=true
ncr160vt100pp  xon=true
ncr160vt100wan  xon=true
ncr160vt100wpp  xon=true
ncr160vt200an  xon=true
ncr160vt200pp  xon=true
ncr160vt200wan  xon=true
ncr160vt200wpp  xon=true
ncr160vt300an  xon=true
ncr160vt300pp  xon=true
ncr160vt300wan  xon=true
ncr160vt300wpp  xon=true
ncr160wy50+pp  xon=true
ncr160wy50+wpp  xon=true
ncr160wy60pp  xon=true
ncr160wy60wpp  xon=true
  ncrvt100an  xon=true
 ncrvt100wan  xon=true
     ndr9500  xon=true
  ndr9500-nl  xon=true
  ndr9500-25  xon=true
ndr9500-25-nl  xon=true
  ndr9500-mc  xon=true
ndr9500-25-mc  xon=true
ndr9500-mc-nl  xon=true
ndr9500-25-mc-nl  xon=true
       dt100  xon=true
      dt100w  xon=true
       dt110  xon=true
    tek4025a  xon=true
  tek4105-30  xon=true
    tek4105a  xon=true
  tek4106brl  xon=true
     tek4115  xon=true
       tty33  xon=true
       tty37  xon=true
       tty40  xon=true
       tty43  xon=true
    apple-ae  xon=true nxon=true
    lisaterm  xon=true
  lisaterm-w  xon=true
   minix-old  xon=true
minix-old-am  xon=true
        luna  xon=true
     linux-s  xon=true
putty-screen  xon=true
        blit  xon=true
      cbblit  xon=true
       oblit  xon=true
 tws-generic  xon=true
 tws2102-sna  xon=true
     tws2103  xon=true
 tws2103-sna  xon=true
 dku7102-old  xon=true
     dku7202  xon=true
       bq300  xon=true
    bq300-rv  xon=true
     bq300-w  xon=true
  bq300-w-rv  xon=true
     bq300-8  xon=true
   bq300-8rv  xon=true
    bq300-8w  xon=true
 bq300-w-8rv  xon=true
    bq300-pc  xon=true
 bq300-pc-rv  xon=true
  bq300-pc-w  xon=true
bq300-pc-w-rv  xon=true
  bq300-8-pc  xon=true
bq300-8-pc-rv  xon=true
bq300-8-pc-w  xon=true
bq300-8-pc-w-rv  xon=true
         vip  xon=true
       vip-w  xon=true
       vip-H  xon=true
      vip-Hw  xon=true
       z39-a  xon=true
    ims950-b  xon=true
      ims950  xon=true
   ims950-rv  xon=true
        mt70  xon=true
      rt6221  xon=true
    rt6221-w  xon=true
    hirez100  xon=true
  hirez100-w  xon=true
       ti916  xon=true
     ti916-8  xon=true
   ti916-132  xon=true
 ti916-8-132  xon=true
       ti924  xon=true
     ti924-8  xon=true
      ti924w  xon=true
    ti924-8w  xon=true
       ti931  xon=true
       ti926  xon=true
     ti926-8  xon=true
     ti_ansi  xon=true
       ti928  xon=true
     ti928-8  xon=true
apollo+vt132  xon=true
  apollo_15P  xon=true
  apollo_19L  xon=true
apollo_color  xon=true
     att6386  xon=true
  pc6300plus  xon=true
     att7300  xon=true
        ctrm  xon=true pb=19200
      gs6300  xon=true
       xtalk  xon=true
    opus3n1+  xon=true
